MANSARAOVAR YATRA 12 NIGHTS 13 DAYS

Days
Outline Itinerary
Day 01
Arrival in Kathmandu transfer to hotel, Yatra briefing 
Day 02
Kathmandu Temple visit 
Day 03
Kathmandu - Drive to Kodari(1600 M)
Day 04
Kodari -Drive to Nylam(2800 M)
Day 05
Nylam - Drive to Saga(4500 M)
Day 06
Saga - Drive to Mansarovar(4550 M)
Day 07
Mansarovar Parikrama(102 km) - Drive to Darchen(4600M)
Day 08
Darchen - Yamdwar Darshan - Trek to Diraphuk(4860M,12 Km)
 Day 09
Diraphuk - Trek to Dolmala Pass(5630 M) - Trek to Zutalphuk(4650M,22 Km)
Day 10
Zutalphuk - Trek to Darchen(08 Km) - Drive to Saga(4500m)
Day 11
Saga - Drive to Nylam(2800 M)
Day 12
Nylam - Drive to Kathmandu(1300 M)
Day 13 
Kathmandu departure transfer 

Brief Itinerary For Mansarovar Yatra
 Day 01: Arrival in Kathmandu (1300m) Upon arrival in Kathmandu International airport, you will be greeted and assisted by our representative after completing your custom formalities,transfer to the hotel for check-in. Overnight at Kathmandu Hotel.
Yatra Briefing: Before dinner a Short briefing about Kailash Mansarovar Yatra 
Accommodation : Hotel Mandala Norling Lord Prime (Twin Sharing)

Day 02 : Kathmandu Temple visit
After breakfast Kathmandu city sightseeing tour, visit Pasupatinath Temple, Bouddhanath Stupa (World heritage site) ,Jala Narayan Temple(sleeping Vishnu) and Kathmandu Durbar Squire (Living God Kumari) later drive back to hotel,packing and preparation of the Yatra. Overnight at Kathmandu.
Accommodation : Hotel Mandala Norling Lord Prime (Twin Sharing)

Day 03 : Kathmandu - Drive to Kodari(1600 m) Our representative will pick up you, drive to Kodari(145 Km ,05/06 Hrs),arrive at Kodari transfer to hotel for check in. Overnight at  Kodari Guest house.
Accommodation : Basic Hotel (Shared room, Attached Bathroom)

 Day 04 : Kodari - Drive to  Nylam(2800m) After breakfast complete immigration and custom formalities in Nepal and China both side continue drive to Nylam(35 Km ,1 Hrs 2800m). Arrive at Nylam transfer to hotel for check in. overnight at Nylam.
Accommodation : Basic Hotel (Shared room, Attached Bathroom)

Day 05 : Nylam - Drive to Saga (4500M ,270 km 06/07 Hrs) After breakfast drive to Saga crossing Bramhaputra river(270 km, 6/7 Hrs),Arrive at Sanga transfer to hotel for check in. Overnight at Saga hotel.
Accommodation : Hotel Basis(Shared room, Attached Bathroom)
 Day 06 : Saga - Drive to  Mansarovar (4550M ,470 km 08/09 Hrs) After breakfast drive towards Mansarovar lake (470 Km, 08/09 Hrs),Arrive at Mansarovar lake transfer to guest house for check in .Overnight at Mansarovar lake.
Accommodation : Pramath Asram (Dormitory room, Common Bathroom)
 Day 07 : Mansarovar Parikrama - Drive to Darchen (4600 m) After breakfast Parikrma of Mansarovar lake by vehicle (102 Km,3 Hrs) take Holy bath, Perform Puja(prayer ritual, Homa at Mansarovar lake, continue drive to Darchen (58 Km ,1.5 Hrs).Arrive at Darchen transfer to hotel for check in. overnight at Darchen.
Accommodation : Basic hotel (Dormitory room, Common Bathroom)
 Day 08 : Darchen Darshan Yamdwar - Trek to Diraphuk (4860m, 12 Km - First Day of Kora ) After breakfast short drive to Yamddwar, visit Yama Dwar.This is starting point of Kora.We will trek to Diraphuk which is 12 km trek (7/8 Hrs) crossing west face of Mt.Kailash,You will visit North face of Mt.Kailash. Arrive at Diraphuk transfer to hotel for check in. Overnight at Diraphuk. Overnight at a Hotel in Diraphuk.
Accommodation : Basic Hotel(Dormitory room, Common Bathroom)
 Day 09 : Diraphuk - Trek to Zutalphuk (4600M,22 Km - 2nd day of Kora) After breakfast trek to Dolma - La Pass and proceed to Zutalphuk(22 Km,12 hrs Trek). This is the most difficult journey throughout the the Yatra since you have to trek up to (5630m) height. From decent to Gaurikund and trek to Zutulphuk following river. Arrive at Zutalphuk transfer, check in to hotel. overnight at Zutalphuk at Huest house.
Note: If you are not doing Parikrma, then you will be trek back to Darchen till Parikrma finished.

 Day 10 : Zutalphuk - Trek to Darchen(08 Km, 03 Hrs) - Drive to Saga (4500M - 3rd day of Kora) After breakfast short trek( 8 Km,2 Hrs) and reach to the point where our coach will be waiting and we will drive to Darchen and merge with other member who were waiting and drive to Saga. Arrive at saga transfer to hotel for check in.overnight at saga.
Accommodation : Hotel Basis(Shared room, Attached Bathroom) 
Day 11 : Saga - Drive to Nylam(2800M ,270 Km,07 Hrs)
After breakfast drive to Nylam(270 km, 7 hrs). Arrive at Nylam transfer to hotel for check in.Overnight at Nylam Guest house.
Accommodation : Basic Hotel(Shared room, Attached Bathroom) 
Day 12: Nylam - Drive to Kathmandu  (1300 M, 200 Km 08 Hrs))
After breakfast drive to Kathmandu crossing Nepal - China both side Border formalities continue drive to Kathmandu arrive at Kathmandu  transfer to hotel for check in.Overnight at Kathmandu.
Accommodation : Hotel Mandala Norling Lord Prime (Twin Sharing)


Day 13: Kathmandu departure transfer 
After breakfast we will be provide appreciation certificate of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra later drop to airport for final departure.

Kailash Mansarovar Yatra Departure for 2026 by Road



May
June
July
August
Sep
Full Moon Dep.

26

24

24
         
       23
      
       21
Normal Dep.
03
02
02
01
01

12
11
11
10
08

21
20
20
19
17

30
29
29
28
26

 Full Moon Nights at Mansarovar for 2026
May  -  31 -   Full Moon
June -  29 -    Full Moon
July  -  29  -   Full Moon
Aug  -  28    - Full Moon
Sep  -  26   -  Full Moon


Cost Includes
.Traditional welcome on arrival 
.03 Night accommodation at Kathmandu on sharing Twin/Double basis(03 Star Premium)
.01 Night accommodation at Kodari on sharing basis(Guest House)
.08 Night accommodation in Tibet on sharing basis(Hotels  and Guest houses) 
.Tibet travel Permit & Visa fees
.Langtang National Park fee
.English speaking Tibetan guide for customers formalities
.Nepali Supporting Staff(cook,Sherpa & helper) 5:1 basis 
.Buffet vegetarian meals during Yatra on AP basis(Breakfast,Lunch & Dinner)
.Nepali experienced Team Leader/Guide during Yatra
.Supporting truck to carry equipment 
.Mansarovar and Kailash Yatra Permit fees
.Duffel bag for carrying goods during Yatra
.Back pack bag for personal items to carry and Cap
.Warm down Jacket refundable 
.First aid medical kit bag & Oxygen cylinder 
.Emergency evacuation management during Yatra
.Round trip transportation in Tibet AC Luxury coach
.Kathmandu - Rasuwagadi - Kathmandu Non ac Vehicle
·Arrival and departure transfer with assistance by A/C Vehicle​ ​ ​​ .All sightseeing and excursions as mentioned in the itinerary. Vehicles are not to be at disposal and are available as per itinerary only (point to point basis).
.Kailash Yatra appreciation certificate  

Cost Excludes
.Personal expenses and travel Insurance
.Medical expenses and Emergency rescue evacuation expenses
.Horses,Pony and porter during Kailash Parikrama 
.Tips for Guide, Porter, driver and personal expenses
.Extra Hotel charges in Kathmandu if early return from Tibet
.Any additional cost due to natural calamities and unforeseen circumstances
.Visa splitting charge and extra transportation cost, if returning early from Yatra
.5 % Vat GST India Government


Important Information  Above rates are valid for 2025 Yatra and any increase in USD will applicable if the rates drastically go up. Also, if the visa has to issue urgent basis, the cost would be extra, since all package cost is based on normal days visa processing.

Basic Information About Kailash
Start Point: Kathmandu                                          
End Point: Kathmandu
Max Altitude : 5630m(Dolmala Pass)                             
Altitude of Kailash Peak : 6714m                            
Season for Yatra : May to September
Temperature: Max 20°C to Min - 10°C
Altitude of Manasarovar Lake : 4550m                          
Parikrama of Kailash : 52 Km                                     
Parikrama by walk : 42 Km in three days
Distance From Ktm: 1050 KM (one way) 
Parikrama of Manasarovar Lake : 102 Km 
Climate: Unpredictable

Required Documents for Kailash Yatra
.Passport valid for at least 6 months 
.Age Bar 69 years running age*applicable for Indian Citizens(
.Scan Passport Xerox copy should be reached Head office, Kathmandu prior 45 Days. 
.Original passport should be reached 25 days prior to the Yatra at Delhi Office

Mode of Payments
.25% of the total cost should be paid for booking the Yatra
.Full payment should be made before 15 Days of departure date to Kailash Mansarovar Yatra

Yatra Cancellation Policy
.All notice of cancellation must be sent to our office in written
.Verbal cancellations will not be entertained
.45 days before Yatra departure date, 25% of total Yatra cost will be deducted
.30 days before Yatra departure date, 50% of total Yatra cost will be deducted
.There will be no refund at all if you cancel the Yatra less than 15 days before the departure date

Terms & Conditions 
These booking Terms and conditions contain important information. It is essential that you read them carefully and understand them as they apply to all services provided by the Company.

Travel Insurance
We advise you to purchase comprehensive travel insurance package against medical, nature calamity, helicopter evacuation, personal accident and cancellation etc. we do not have any insurance policies we sell but it is available from India base insurance company.

Changes By You 
If you wish to change your tour, you must inform our staff at least 30 days before the tour. Any extra charge or loss incurred due to such change will be borne by you.

Cancellation By The Company
We may be obliged to cancel your trip by reasons like border closed, permit not issued or canceled by the government, war, riots, civil disturbances, strikes, natural disasters, terrorist activities or threat of such and closure of airport etc. Under such circumstance, we will advise you as soon as possible if we can offer you an alternative trip of comparable standard or make a refund of the money paid to us after deducting the expenses that was spent to make the bookings of the flights, visas, permits, hotels and vehicle booking. A clear bill of the expenses will be provided to you so that you will be able to claim the insurance. However, we can be under no other liability to you in such cases. Sometimes Chinese government personnel will refuse to give you entry even if you have permit if they think you are not eligible based on their criteria. Please do not start your journey until you get confirmation of permit. 

Important Pre Departure Information
Clothings
Casual wears and comfortable walking shoes are the rule of Tibet. Be sure to bring warm clothing as nights and early mornings can be quite chilly to cold. Indian Pilgrims are advised strictly not to wear Sari during this yatra. Bring all the film, medicine, cosmetics, personal toilet items etc. that you will need from home as these are difficult if not impossible to obtain on the way. A small first aid kit is also a good idea. Also quite useful is a route map, to know where you are going and have been each day.

What To Take
Winter wear: Gore-Tex material, though expensive, is highly recommended. Down jacket, raincoat or windbreakers, thermal under wears, Jackets, warm trousers & woolen shirts (cotton will also do), warm sweaters, woolen gloves, sun hat, comfortable shoes, light leather boots in case of snow, woolen balaclava ('monkey cap') & scarf/dust mask to protect your eyes & nose from dust.

Bring With You
You may bring the snacks for along the way such as chocolates, dry fruits, toffees etc. Strong water bottle & water purifying tablets. Personal medical kit and Diamox tablet (for high altitude). Sun glasses (to protect your eyes from UV, which is especially strong in high altitudes).

Sun block or sun screen lotion, wet tissues (Fresh-ones are excellent to wipe off the dust), clothes-line/clips, needle & thread, body spray (handy for smelly boots/feet and for a round of spray in the toilet tent!), toilet paper, torch & spare batteries, day pack (small shoulder bag), Camera & films, Binocular.

Health
This is one of the toughest high altitude road journeys on earth. You Must be physically fit - no two ways about that. Generally patients with asthma & heart problems have a problem acclimatizing to high altitudes. In your interests it is essential you should be examined by your doctor to know about your health condition and your ability to cope up with the rigors of high altitude travel for days in 'no road' conditions, extreme cold, dust, trekking to an altitude of 19500ft during the Parikrama, etc.

Altitude Sickness
As you are traveling over high terrain, you are likely to experience symptoms and discomfort of altitude sickness (headache, loss of appetite, nausea, exhaustion, sleeplessness, breathlessness etc.) until your body adjusts to the elevation. This can take a couple of days or more depending on an individual. For this reason alone, we have made it mandatory to stay 2 nights at Mansarovar (4550M) moving on to the higher altitudes.

Drink plenty of water, be calm, and do not exercise. Do not drink alcohol or smoke prior to and during the tour. We also recommend you carry a strip of diamox tablets. We provide Gamow bag (a special equipment to prevent sickness from high altitude) on this tour.

Currency
The unit of Chinese currency is Yuan. USD 1 = 7.02 Yuan &1 Yuan = INR 11.90 approx. (as of December 2025). Money can be exchanged at Bank of China at Kyirung county.Exchange all your remaining Yuan at Kyirung county.

Risks & Liability
Company and its associates will put every effort to make your journey smooth and pleasant. However, all the tours in Tibet are conduct strictly under the rules & regulation of Tibet Tourism Bureau (TTB). Therefore, Company. and its counterpart shall not be responsible for any change and alteration in the program due to unavoidable circumstances such as landslide, road blockage, flood, snow, political unrest, and cancellation of flight, delay arrival, sickness or accidents. Any extra cost incurred thereof shall be borne by the clients on the spot.


If you require more information please do not hesitate to contact us anytime. Please find the contact details above.




